README.md, before:

# My Personal Project
## Proposal
My project aims to streamline and digitize some of the trip planning and gear inventory systems of the Varsity Outdoor Club at the University of British Columbia.

The program will model the Varsity Outdoor Club's gear room, and ensure that there is enough gear for every trip, and inform trip leaders if there is not. It will query users on
what gear they are bringing on their own and what they will need from the club in order to better ensure that this works out. It will also inform users if there is enough gear for them when they register. The other functionality of the trip planning software will be to provide efficient solutions for carpools, ensuring that as many people get spots to drivers closest to them.

Ideally trip leaders of the VOC would use this to help them plan a trip, and maybe further in the future these funcitonalities could be integrated into the website. 

This project is of interest to me because I'm an enthusiastic member of the club, and have suffered from both sudden gear shortages and picking suboptimal car spots and the delays that come with them.


## User Stories

1. As a trip leader I would like to add a trip to the list of trips
2. As a viewer I would like to see a list of all trips posted
3. As a trip leader, I would like to add someone to the list of people going on a trip
4.  As a member, I would like to add myself to the list of people interested in the trip
5.  As a member, I would like to add myself to the list of people committed to the trip
6. As a quartermaster, I would like to add gear to the gear room (list of gear)
7. As a user I would like to view everybody interested, committed, and going on the trip

Commit message:

Added User stories related to gear and date

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project
## Proposal
My project aims to streamline and digitize some of the trip planning and gear inventory systems of the Varsity Outdoor Club at the University of British Columbia.

The program will model the Varsity Outdoor Club's gear room, and ensure that there is enough gear for every trip, and inform trip leaders if there is not. It will query users on
what gear they are bringing on their own and what they will need from the club in order to better ensure that this works out. It will also inform users if there is enough gear for them when they register. The other functionality of the trip planning software will be to provide efficient solutions for carpools, ensuring that as many people get spots to drivers closest to them.

Ideally trip leaders of the VOC would use this to help them plan a trip, and maybe further in the future these funcitonalities could be integrated into the website. 

This project is of interest to me because I'm an enthusiastic member of the club, and have suffered from both sudden gear shortages and picking suboptimal car spots and the delays that come with them.


## User Stories

1. As a trip leader I would like to add a trip to the list of trips
2. As a viewer I would like to see a list of all trips posted
3. As a trip leader, I would like to add someone to the list of people going on a trip
4. As a member, I would like to add myself to the list of people interested in the trip
5. As a member, I would like to add myself to the list of people committed to the trip
6. As a quartermaster, I would like to add gear to the gear room (list of gear)
7. As a member, I would like to view everybody interested, committed, and going on the trip
8. As member, I would like to see if there is enough unreserved gear in the gearroom on the day of the trip for me
9. As a member, when I am added to a trip, I would like to mark the gear I already have and don't need to rent
